asiana21-DOCSUP-789 (#110)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/aggregate-functions/reference.md

In some cases, you can still rely on the order of execution. This applies to cases when `SELECT` comes from a subquery that uses `ORDER BY`.

> ## groupArrayInsertAt(value, position) {#grouparrayinsertat}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## groupArrayInsertAt {#grouparrayinsertat}
```

> Inserts a value into the array in the specified position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inserts a value into the array at the specified position.
```

Reviewer: I'am not shure.

**Syntax**

```sql

> groupArrayInsertAt(expr, size)(x, pos);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
groupArrayInsertAt(default_x, size)(x, pos);
```

```

> If several values ​​are inserted into the same position, any of them might end up in the resulting array (the first one will be used in the case of single-threaded execution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If in one query several values are inserted into the same position, the function behaves in the following ways:

- If a query is executed in a single thread, the first one of the inserted values is used.
- If a query is executed in multiple threads, the resulting value is an undetermined one of the inserted values.
```

**Parameters**

> - `x` — The value to be inserted. It can be any of the [supported data types](../../sql-reference/data-types/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `x` — Value to be inserted. [Expression](../syntax.md#syntax-expressions) resulting in one of the [supported data types](../../sql-reference/data-types/index.md).
```

> - `pos` — The position at which the specified element `x` is to be inserted. Index numbering in the array starts from zero. [UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md#uint-ranges).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pos` — Position at which the specified element `x` is to be inserted. Index numbering in the array starts from zero. [UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md#uint-ranges).
```

> - `expr`— The default value for substituting in empty positions. Optional parameter. [Expression](../syntax.md#syntax-expressions) returning in the data type configured for the `x` attribute. If `expr` is not defined, the [default values](../../sql-reference/statements/create.md#create-default-values) will be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `default_x`— Default value for substituting in empty positions. Optional parameter. [Expression](../syntax.md#syntax-expressions) resulting in the data type configured for the `x` parameter. If `default_x` is not defined, the [default values](../../sql-reference/statements/create.md#create-default-values) are used.
```

> - `size`— The length of the resulting array. Optional parameter. When using this parameter, the default value must be specified. [UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md#uint-ranges).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `size`— Length of the resulting array. Optional parameter. When using this parameter, the default value must be specified. [UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md#uint-ranges).
```

**Returned value**

> - An array with values located at the corresponding positions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Array with inserted values.
```
